yeah
[Music]
hey what's up guys I know you guys can
see the Olympic rings on my screen and
the Olympics on this o'clock board and
basically this is because I'm taking
part and this thing that YouTube's next
lab has set up they've chosen 100
youtubers to basically use their
channels as a vehicle to support the
Olympics and sort of just a rally around
the Olympics
among those hundred youtubers they're
teamed up into a dozen different teams
and I'm teamed up with a few awesome
youtubers they're way way cooler than me
please check them out I'm going to link
them at the end of every one of these
videos that I'll be posting for the next
I think four or five weeks so please
keep on the lookout for these videos
today's recipe is going to be fish and
chips and honor where the Olympics are
being held and this is the dish that I
really really enjoy because from my
childhood I always used to go to Long
John Silver's and I really thought that
was like the only place you could ever
get fish and chips and then when I
became a chef I realized I can make my
own fish and chips so I'm gonna teach
you guys how I make my fish and chips
and you guys can modify it however you
like but this is a pretty good base on
sort of how to fry and batter it and
what it should look like it's a little
bit more rustic but I think you guys
enjoy it so let's dig in I think I hear
the turning of key
I'm fine leo so the first thing I want
to start out with is slicing these Yukon
Gold potatoes and then julienne them
into the chips or fries as we all know
it
that helps me conquer this great divide
the distance it's not everybody has a
deep fryer at their home I'm gonna fry
these in a shallow amount of oil and
they're gonna come out more like hash
browns and fries
[Music]
so this is a pretty straightforward beer
batter recipe all you need is a nice
light blonde beer flour salt and pepper
there once was a time when we were young
and pirates and spaceships we're heroes
unsung in all the battles we had won I'm
coming
pretty much any white fish can be used
for this recipe just make sure you cut
them into uniform pieces for even
cooking times turning inside that helps
me conquer this great day
the distance is far and wide I'm coming
home
[Music]
you want your oil at about 375 degrees
before you start frying that helps me
conquer this Great Divide the distance
is far and wide I'm coming home since
fish and chips can be a pretty greasy
mess just blot everything off with a
clean towel
there once was a time when we were young
when pirates and spaceships where our
heroes unsung in all the battles we had
won
I'm coming home
I'm gonna garnish this with a roasted
lemon and a bit of cilantro and
basically just kick back and watch the
Olympics and really enjoy this fish and
chips yonward
may have no end but I'll never stop my
friend find my way home
[Music]
there's something churning inside
that helps me conquer this great
the distance is far and wide I'm coming
home
you
[Music]